you do that don't even go there know how
do you tell you so mom what are you
doing right now guy on the left the
queen of catching it and you'll notice
my job puts it on the grill affections
you can be in it of the risk on what am
i doing rolling mom I'm rolling yeah you
have torts mom wake up of the camera for
a second just there you go with the
Dalton rule over yet so listen okay it
was awesome used to be at the grocery
store but knowledge S&T hmm now SS&C we
learned everything I'm so yeah so Jimmy
you give me like a history of you know
laughs of making and smell the
traditions that go they're involved here
and what we're doing you know there this
is a fine art that actually happens over
several days because wanting us to start
by getting the proper potatoes hmm and
preparing them the day before you pick
them from your field you do organically
grow that'd be a rough it can you zoom
in on the circle and see ho I'm kidding
you can see she's not quite eating a
circle requirements I am not done watch
me now what's the difference between the
big circle before what's going on here
big circle needs more dull wing sister
big sister big circle little sister
alright that looks pretty good oh I'm
not quite dying i got to get all the
edges here and then what I just needed
the circle mom there's some technique
involved here that's important I no
pressure no pressure no pressure but if
there's pressure dr. Cara just your the
key is no pressure observe Oh Mowgli she
transition how about that that's
beautiful um questions can be directed
to philly 1-800 movie I and here's
here's the champion this is the future
right here this is before my over get my
you how do we cut it